Smart home technology has become very popular and its popularity is increasing every year as the technology evolves. Who doesn’t find it appealing to turn your home thermostat up or down while you are at work, or to have your refrigerator order groceries to be delivered when you get home? How cool is it to check on the dog or to verify that your teenagers are doing their homework after school by activating your home security cameras?

As we install more and more smart sensors into our homes, we increase the potential for security issues. Often the sensors are connected to the same network as our home or small business devices so that a breach of one device can radiate outwards to affect all connected devices. The sensors could also provide a way for hackers to get into our home network and gain access to any PCs and data that are connected to it.

Even virtual assistants such as Apple SIRI, Amazon Echo, or Google Home can be security risks. People use these devices to turn on music, adjust room temperatures, order products on-line, and get directions for where they are going. Can this cause any harm? It is possible that personal information such as passwords or credit card information could be leaked.

Fortunately many of the security flaws of the early smart technology sensors have already been discovered. Developers are working to correct the flaws and improve security measures to protect their systems from attack. Before purchasing home security systems, it is very important to research the developer and the security and encryption protocols that are in place for its products.