###### No man, woman or child deserves to be prosecuted, as a basis of their heritage. These days a turmoil of cataclysmic size is brewing, funded by those who seek profit from the deaths of many tens of thousands of people. I find these actions revolting, and worthy of utmost scrutiny. 
###### Desiring freedom of thought is paramount to humanity's success. A will of being as known as one's soul necessitates this belief, this principle as fact. Souls, and therefore people, are not inherently good nor evil, a mere slate to be carven, clay to be molded. To ascribe to the belief that any one man is truly free, independent of his peers is antithetical to freedom of thought itself. We are taught to recognize bias, but scarcely recognize our own. To find oneself as the betrayer of sense, a monger for the beliefs you were indoctrinated into, is to be no more than an animal.
###### To delineate and condemn the beliefs of another without scrutiny harkens the belief of a true right and wrong. But, in the lack of context, a belief in one's moral superiority is to participate in these beliefs, becoming an arbiter of a false justice, desecrating other's right to freely think and understand. I find man to be rigid in the expression of our belief. An individuals importance cannot be measured, their worth unstated. In one's trance of individualism degrees of being are established, the self exceeding the many, one's own many exceeding another's. To find myself standing with this philosophy is to harm my own being, my own capacity for thought. I cannot, in good faith, believe that I am the arbiter of truth, that I am the progenitor of my greatest work and continue to think freely. We are a product of not only our own, but another's experiences and beliefs. With this said, we are indebted to help one another as a function of humanity's continued success.

### To think is to scrutinize, to improve, to understand.