I love learning. More than most things, learning provides a kind of almost existential satisfaction. Obtaining knowledge, increasing my understanding, demonstrating it; they bring me an excitement unlike most things I have experienced. Oftentimes, I'll forsake an event just to get some reading in, or to work on my brand new project. I struggle with imposter syndrome but that moment where I connect two facts or situations causes a raging river of dopamine to flow through my mind. I've been this way ever since my youth and it has naturally impacted my worldview. You can ask anyone in my family about that (You WILL hear sighs and groans about my obsession with learning).

As much as I enjoy it, I find myself oftentimes sticking to things I know. The same games, the same songs, the same sceneries (usually my room). For a large majority of my life, I've wondered why I do this. Was it the possibility of failure? The lack of confidence in myself to produce something I can look at and be proud of? The scarce chance that I am belittled for my work? I've found it to be hard to convince myself to continue learning. Some things come easy, a quick google search of a word I don't quite remember the meaning of. But most of it is hard. Examples of this are the soldering project I haven't started because I'm afraid of ruining the chip, schoolwork I can't bring myself to do because the feelings of impending doom for my own life's current prospects outweighs my hopes for the future. These things require motivation and rarely is the threat of not living up to my potential enough. For many it is. The college student that makes their way through college so that they might have even a minute shot at bringing their aspirations, their desires to fruition. But I cannot find myself to be propelled by this notion that I even have potential to begin with. That it is some amorphous, quantifiable source that I pull from. That I am special in regards to what I can do that nobody else can bring to the table what I can.

This thought of mine is often looked at with disdain, disgust even, by most who know me. "You're one of the smartest people I know!", "I can't do what you can do, its a gift.", "You were given this gift for a reason." I do not believe these things. I think that anyone can do what I can do, anyone can bring to the table what I can, anyone can love learning the way I do. That I am inexplicably mundane, irrevocably basic, and incredibly reproduceable. That if some individual where to do as I do, and be as I am, they would be remarkably close to becoming me. a fourth of the way through writing this, I realized that I don't believe that. I don't think that some individual could become me by emulating my actions, I don't think that anyone could truly understand what I think, what I feel, what I am. I believe they could try. I believe they could feel similar emotions, if not the same. I think that they could have lived the same life, with the same thoughts, with the same body and actions, and they could still not approximate even 1% of who I am. That I am unique, though not special. That I could find myself to ridden of body, soul, and mind and would still be my own. There is some deeper being to who I am, that a mere collection of experiences, thoughts, and actions cannot represent, cannot portray. That learning satisfies that deeper self in a way that most things cannot accomplish. That creating is the one thing, the sole art that only I can do. 2 identical copies of art can be produced by you and I, but neither is the same. I think I am not a particularly spiritual man, but I can understand why people tend to pour themselves into religion, into philosophy, into the arts, into science, into each other, into the world, into creation. 

Oftentimes, there is a seed. This seed is as unique as you, an incredible miracle of itself, and an embellishment of the deeper self that we are. I desperately love creating, for I feel lost when I am not.