I used to dream of great heights; of changing the world. Dreaming of creating some great technology, having some great passion that might inspire those who lack it. I now dream of survival. That each person might have their own. That no-one has to beg for their humanity, that personhood is not stripped from them on the basis that they are lacking. I dream of freedom, for each to pursue truth. I dream of inconvenience, the little evil that plagues our lives. That evil which we must exterminate to placate ourselves of the reality we live in. We humans harm each other because of our differences and help one another because of our similarities. This takes some measure of cruelty, deeming others unworthy, less deserving than and often, less.

Sleep is a death not unlike work. A great unifier, in which we are the product, and also its means. A death that we are forced to take hold of. That we must create for another and convince ourselves it is for our benefit, our own. We must convince ourselves control is the greatest good, and inconvenience is our greatest enemy. That we are, in the lack of one another, more than enough. But we know this to be untrue. We seek friendships, partnerships, and relationships. Strength then is to maintain this illusion. That we can be alone and be okay. If strength is this, I do not desire to be strong.

I dream to be weak; in that I may find solace. To recognize my need and not be ashamed. That I might, in my own weakness convince you of a new strength. One that does not find strength in indifference. I dream of a lush jungle, where I am but a tree. It rains, and I do not seek to hoard, but to distribute, along my leaves, my branches, my roots. Falling away from injustice is hard. It is inconvenient, it is tiring. There is no virtue in being right, no good in helping. To support is a law as natural as the sun rising. Support should not be given as a measure of worth, but as a compelling of character. Love should not be locked behind a paywall. Hope should not be locked behind worth.