I was told I was remarkable, and I believed it. I believe it so much that to be unremarkable is to be dead. To be scarce-picked, a man of little repute is akin to blows I cannot shoulder, a hole I cannot escape. To be like my father, a man I was so proud of, so inundated with that I wanted to be just like him is to have pockmarks scarring my very soul.

I must be remarkable, for it is escape. Escape from the screaming, the fights, the pain. Escape from an empty belly and cold eyes. To become some person I thought I was, some being I thought I could be. To make it better for those weaker than I was. Hell, it broke me. Think about what it'll do to the little guy.

To be base is to be that boy again, wondering where his mother had gone. It is the little fear that sits in the corner of my mind, whispering that one day things will be good, that I will be good. That I may not be perfect, but at least I'm not them. At least I can't stomach the thought of treating others like I was. And something is so appealing to me about remarkability. You cannot lose yourself if you are remarkable. You are not lost if you are remarkable. So I must be remarkable.

I must let my mind fly, to soar amongst those before me. I must become friends with them, because it is better to be heard than understood. I speak with grandeur, a projection of the beauty I must create. Because even if I am broken, I may help another. I can let them know it isn't too hard to carry; and even if it is, I can help.

I remember that boy. The hope he had in his eyes. Dreams of what he would be, of what he could do. That boy believed he could conquer the stars if he wanted to. He wanted so desperately to prove that he could be happy, that *they* could be. He took each beating and he lied, that it didn't hurt. That he could make it well again. I'm proud of that boy. He did so well with what he had. But eventually, hope became outsourced. "What can I do so that they can save? So that they can be strong, or at least heal when they are weak." I want to understand other's because I could not understand them. 