```
date-created: 03.08.21
state: unfinished
```
“The moon and the sun shine so brightly today.”; and she smiled, her grin majestic and as beautiful as the night sky. “They always did, didn’t they?” Looking at the sky, Sylvie is filled with a sense of determination.

“The moon and the sun shine so brightly today.” Sylvie grins, looking through the slit in the treehouse. She swings the creaky, pine door open. “Took you long enough, jackass.” “Whoa whoa, calm down”, Jack walks over to the window and grabs his favorite book. “Sylvie, what career do you want to pursue?” Sylvie groans, thinking hard. “I want to see the stars. You know how much I like space”. Jack sighs, angst washing over him. “I want to travel. Explore the world and find who I am.” Sylvie looks at him with adoration. “Stupid, you know who you are. You’re my best friend.”

Jack pulls up to the airport in his worn 2002 Pontiac Grand Prix. He shoots Sylvie a text asking where she is. She sees him after receiving the text and asks her dad to watch her bags. “Finally, if you were any later, you might’ve missed me.” “You always were the better of the two of us, huh?” Sylvie and Jack walk back to her luggage, Sylvie’s eyes practically glowing with excitement. “Don’t say stuff like that, I’ll come back and we’ll be together, just like old times.” Jack checks his pockets for his wallet. “Want to grab something to eat? I think we still have time, It’s on me.” “You read my mind.” They stroll down the boardwalk, looking at the stores and heading to Five Guys. They began reminiscing about old times, their treehouse in Jack’s backyard, the time they went to Disney in 02’, Their first date. They ordered their food and sat down. Sylvie began munching on her sandwich, practically swallowing it. She started on the fries when the PA system sounds, “Flight 1271 is boarding.” Sylvie looks surprised, and she begins to stand, stuffing fries in her mouth all the while. They start running to the gate, a sense of urgency filling them. “Come on dad, we gotta go!” Sylvie grabs the Suitcase and starts to walk away. Jack taps her on the shoulder. “Forgetting anything?” She spins around, her smile as bright as the sun and twice as beautiful. “Of course not. Lunch is on me next time.” They hug and when Sylvie starts to pull away, Jack pulls her hand back. “The moon and the sun shine so brightly today.”, he says, staring into her eyes, a beautiful grey. She pulls away hurriedly, grabbing her suitcase once again. Once she has her bearings, she looks back. “They always did, didn’t they.” She boards the flight. Jack lets two tears roll down the side of his face. He leaves the airport with a hole in his heart.

  

“So where do you live?”, Jack says, enthused by the call. “127 Birch Ave. Didn’t I tell you that?”, she says, with an annoying smile on her face. “I told you I’d visit in 2 years, remember?” “Yes, I remember. Of course, I do.” They manage to keep in contact for around a year, but as their lives change, their calls became less and less frequent. Slowly drifting apart, Jack starts his career as an artist.

  

“This should be it”, Jack mumbled. He walks up to the door and starts to knock, but before he can, the door creaks open on its own. His nose is assaulted by a strong smell of alcohol. He walks down the hallway trepidatiously, wondering if something is wrong. “Sylvie!” He begins walking up the stairs. “Shit.” It smells like an unwashed teenager. He walks past what looks like the living room and finds that Sylvie is draped on the futon, sprawled out. Jack starts sobbing, running across the room to her, not getting any recognition that she notices he is here. He checks her eyes for any dilation, trying to make sure she’s with him. He checks her pulse,  and she is barely breathing, wheezing quietly. He kisses her on the forehead, before calling the police. “What happened?” He hugs her softly, cradling her body between his own, tears spilling from his cherry brown eyes. “Where did the Sylvie I knew go?” Silent tears fall from his eyes, absorbed quickly by her dry, cracked skin. “The moon and the sun shine so brightly today”, she croaks, inciting Jack to begin bawling. He rubs her hair, her shallow breaths taking him further and further away from reality. “They always did, didn’t they.”, he whispers, falling into despair. He sits there, feeling her breath against his own. Finally, she says, “Just like old times.” She stops breathing. Jack puts her down and does CPR, reminding him of the summer they both wanted to be lifeguards. Life was so good back then, no worries more than who to date, and what homework needs to be done.